action well here's my 1980s model
lawn-boy and started up in a while I
figure out do a cold start well I'm
Matalon site right now so let's go ahead
and light her up I'm applying a place to
set the camera down right here ought to
do it oh excuse me it's got some gas in
it mixed gas love to stroke gas line on
prime
there you go a long boy cold start gosh
I wish I could figure out what year it
is all I know it's a 1980s model but yep
I got it for free last summer and all
what was wrong with it was the gas line
was kinked of course I bet you seen that
other that other video of me running the
lawn boy but shoot love this thing
because it's a two-stroke don't have to
deal with oil changes but I don't like
to use it too much because I'm afraid I
might wear it out even though these old
stuff are tough yeah I got the side
discharge plate on so I'll discharge
some grass I took the bolts plate off
because Blake that kept clogging up and
they kept bogging down and I didn't want
to deal with that because I'm dealing
with thick grass at other places when I
use the lawn boy right now the grass I'm
cutting is pretty thin but yep there you
go here's a long boy cold start for you
1980s model and you all have a good day
and bye bye